============================================================
WebTabs Trial Edition
LICENCE AGREEMENT
Revision 2004/01/17-01

(C) 2004 Phyrix Systems (Pty) Ltd
http://www.phyrix.com
============================================================


DEFINITIONS

"Licence" refers to this agreement.

"Product" refers to the complete source code of the WebTabs
Trial Edition distribution.

"Product Software Package" refers to the .ZIP archive file
that contains Product.

"Company" refers to Phyrix Systems (Pty) Ltd, as
manufacturer of Product.

"You" refers to yourself or your company, whichever entity
purchased Product. Any individuals in your employ who make
use of Product, as well as any sub-contractors hired by you
who have access to Product.

"Third Party Software That Uses The Product" is any software
that makes use of Product.

"Trial Period" refers to a 14 day time period following the
date when you first received Product Software Package.

"Purpose" of Product covered under this Licence is to
function as a DHTML Application Layer to HTML, XHTML and XML
based applications.

"Networked Use" refers to use of Product in a way that
causes it to be accessible over a network; e.g. hosted on a
web site.

"Non-networked Use" refers to use of Product in a way that
causes it not to be accessible over a network; e.g. hosted
on a computer's hard drive or CD-ROM drive for local
stand-alone system use.


TERMS AND CONDITIONS

1. You may freely copy and distribute verbatim copies of
Product Software Package as you received it, via network and
via physical distribution media (such as CD-ROM).

2. In the case of Networked Use, you may integrate Product
into your own web pages. In the case of Non-networked Use,
you may integrate Product into your own Third Party Software
That Uses The Product. Such integration does not give you
ownership of Product.

3. You may use Product for either Networked Use or
Non-networked Use, but not both.

4. Product is to be used solely for Purpose as defined
above. In addition, you may only use Product for evaluation
testing purposes, for the duration of the Trial Period.
Continued usage of Product after the Trial Period is not
permitted. Use of Product in a live production environment
is forbidden.

5. In the case of Networked Use, you may make use of Product
on one web site domain only.

6. You may not distribute Third Party Software That Uses
The Product on distribution media (such as CD-ROM).

7. You may not modify any portion of Product and/or Product
Software Package.

8. Regarding Networked Use, sub-domains will be regarded as
domains.

9. All copyright notices within Product source files must be
left intact.

10. You may not produce spin-offs or a public work based on
Product's source code, and make it available as such.

11. You may not copy, modify, sublicense, link with, or
distribute Product except as expressly provided under this
Licence. Any attempt otherwise to copy, modify, sublicense,
link with, or distribute Product is void, and will
automatically terminate your rights under this Licence.
You may not decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, or
otherwise attempt to derive the source code for Product.

12. You are not required to accept this Licence, since you
have not signed it. However, nothing else grants you
permission to modify or distribute Product or its derivative
works. These actions are prohibited by law if you do not
accept this Licence. Therefore, by modifying or distributing
Product (or any work based on Product), you indicate your
acceptance of this Licence to do so, and all its terms and
conditions for copying, distributing or modifying Product or
works based on it.

13. Any use of Product not explicitly permitted in this
agreement is denied, therefore uses not explicity forbidden
are not implicitly allowed.

14. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS. Title, ownership rights, and
intellectual property rights in Product shall remain in
Company and/or its suppliers. You acknowledges such
ownership and intellectual property rights and will not take
any action to jeopardize, limit or interfere in any manner
with Company's or its suppliers' ownership of or rights with
respect to Product. Product is protected by copyright and
other intellectual property laws and by international
treaties. Title and related rights in the content accessed
through Product is the property of the applicable content
owner and is protected by applicable law. The License
granted under this agreement gives you no rights to such
content. 

15. NO WARRANTY. THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PRODUCT, TO
THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN
OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR
OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE PRODUCT "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY
OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE
QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PRODUCT IS WITH YOU. SHOULD
THE PRODUCT PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL
NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.

============================================================
